Do you like it?
Fù Jiā Hào
You dared to set me up
I won’t let you off
Hahaha
You ate my food
Used my stuff
Cost me so much money
You think you can just walk away
Like that?
Dream on
You damn piece of trash
What right do you have to threaten me?
Haha
I wonder
If Young Master Wú sees this video
His fiancée, the rich young master’s betrothed
Here with
A fifty-something old man
A filthy wandering beggar
Getting it on passionately
Hahaha
What do you think Young Master Wú
Will think after seeing this video?
Will you still
Smoothly marry into the Wú family
And live worry-free
As the rich lady you dreamed of?
Delete it, delete it
Videos like this
I can get as many as I want